For this submission I worked heavily on prototyping lazy loading/infinite load which is our unique team element. Please note that currently my work isn't on github as its not done yet and will require a reworking of our current system. So in order to avoid confusion I will be adding what I worked on for the final revision. Additionally a lot of my work was done researching different methods and finding the best one for our purposes.

In order to achieve lazy loading the first thing I did was try and figure out how to trigger a request when the user reaches a certain point on the page. At first I was looking at a library that did this, but I ended up using a fairly new built in feature known as IntersectionObserver. Essentially this function says when an element is with in the view port. So what I did was make a div that would be placed at the end of our posts and would call call a custom function once it was in view. This way we can call to get more data when we need it.

After that I had to figure out how to serve the data needed and how to display it on the page. I figured it would be easier to get the data side working and then work on displaying it. The way I sent the data was to add a new URL to url.py. In the URL there is a int which refers to the number of previous posts. This int is passed to views.py where it is used to find the next posts. From there the posts are turned into JSON and returned. Currently the JSON is still not perfect as it is a bit tricky to turn nested python data models to JSON. I also felt that it would be better to test with imperfect JSON then to spend time working on it.

Finally I had to find a way to render the data sent from the server. I start by getting the data via a get request. I then make a new document element using javascript. I can then set the innerHTML of this element so that it has the same HTML as previous posts have while filling in variable that have been recieved from the JSON sent from the backend. At this point the HTML is appended to the total post divs. Currently the new elements are added at the top of the page which is something I will be looking into fixing for the final submission.
 
