I made a number of contributions to this project. First, I enabled user authentication. In order to do this, I had to reformat our existing UserAccount model to extend Django's built in User model in a one-to-one relationship. I also had to update a number of files that used our previous UserAccount model, especially our init.py so the Faker data would be properly generated. I also enabled login and logout. This required converting our mock login screen into a form, and processing that form in the login view using Django authentication protocols.

Later, I fixed some issues we were having with page redirection. This ensured that users could only access certain pages after they successfully logged into an account. I also gave users the ability to react to posts by clicking on buttons corresponding to each reaction type. In order to do this I had to make sure not only that a new Reaction object was created, but that preexisting reaction objects from the same user on the same post were also deleted.

Lastly, I improved commenting so that users could submit a comment within their current page without being redirected to seperate comment form page. This makes the commenting experience feel much more streamlined. I also added a group of users to our init.py corresponding to each member of our team, and made sure their friends and posts were filled with Faker data. I then added these users to a test_users group. Using Django groups didn't really fit with our plan of how Closeknit would work, so we kept this group isolated within the mock data in order to fulfill the group requirement of the assignment without sacrificing our vision of the project.